Using the Cultural Consensus Theory (CCT), we aim to estimate the competence of informants and the consensus answers to a set of questions. D_i, which is the probability that an informant gives the correct answer when the consensus is correct (competence of each informant) was modeled using a Beta distribution with parameters of 0.5 to 1, reflecting the assumption that informants have a moderate to high level of competence. For consensus answers (Z_j) we used a Bernoulli distribtuion with a prior of Bernoulli(0.5). This means that each answer has an equally likely chance of being correct or incorrect, demonstrating minimal prior knowledge. The model assumes an informants response to a question depends on their competence as well as their consensus answer. The probability of a correct consensus answer is denoted as D_i, while the probability of an incorrect consensus answer is denoted as 1-D_i. 
Posterior estimates showed clear differences in informant competence ranging from 0.56 to 0.87. Informant P6 was the most competent and P3 was the least. The consensus answers were estimated, most questions had a high probability of being answered correctly. Convergence diagnostics such as R-hat, which was close to 1, and high effective sample size signify good convergence and that the model ran smoothly. There was a difference between the estimated consensus answers to the simple majority vote. For example, there was a discrepancy where the consensus model correctly predicted answers where the majority vote was wrong, indicating the model could provide a more accurate estimate of correct answers, especially in scenarios where informants with different levels of competence are invovled. This shows that the CCT model is more reliable than the majority vote by accounting for informant reliability rather than treating all informants equally. 
